README.md, before:

# WAPM Publish Action
[![GitHub Workflow Status](https://img.shields.io/github/workflow/status/wasmerio/wapm-publish/Tests?label=Tests&style=flat-square)](https://github.com/wasmerio/wapm-publish/actions/workflows/tests.yml)

[GitHub action](https://github.com/features/actions) for publishing to [WAPM](https://wapm.io). Works well with [wasmerio/setup-wasmer](https://github.com/wasmerio/setup-wasmer).

## Features
* Suppresses output (Prevent leaking credentials)
* Cross platform (Linux, Mac, and Windows)
* Fully tested

## Caveats
* Requires WAPM to already be installed (Use [wasmerio/setup-wasmer](https://github.com/wasmerio/setup-wasmer))

## Usage
```yaml
- name: Setup Wasmer
  uses: wasmerio/setup-wasmer@v1

- name: Publish to WAPM
  uses: wasmerio/wapm-publish@v1
  with:
    username: ${{ secrets.WAPM_USERNAME }}
    password: ${{ secrets.WAPM_PASSWORD }}
```

## Input
Name | Required | Description
--- | --- | ---
`username` | ✅ | WAPM account username
`password` | ✅ | WAPM account password
`directory` | ❌ | Package directory (Defaults to the current working directory)

## Output
There is no output from this action

Commit message:

Add custom registry abilities to the action

README.md, after:

# WAPM Publish Action

[![GitHub Workflow Status](https://img.shields.io/github/workflow/status/wasmerio/wapm-publish/Tests?label=Tests&style=flat-square)](https://github.com/wasmerio/wapm-publish/actions/workflows/tests.yml)

[GitHub action](https://github.com/features/actions) for publishing to
[WAPM](https://wapm.io). Works well with
[wasmerio/setup-wasmer](https://github.com/wasmerio/setup-wasmer).

## Features

- Suppresses output (Prevent leaking credentials)
- Cross platform (Linux, Mac, and Windows)
- Fully tested

## Caveats

- Requires WAPM to already be installed (Use
  [wasmerio/setup-wasmer](https://github.com/wasmerio/setup-wasmer))

## Usage

```yaml
- name: Setup Wasmer
  uses: wasmerio/setup-wasmer@v1

- name: Publish to WAPM
  uses: wasmerio/wapm-publish@v1
  with:
    username: ${{ secrets.WAPM_USERNAME }}
    password: ${{ secrets.WAPM_PASSWORD }}
```

## Input

| Name        | Required | Description                                                   |
| ----------- | -------- | ------------------------------------------------------------- |
| `username`  | ✅       | WAPM account username                                         |
| `password`  | ✅       | WAPM account password                                         |
| `directory` | no       | Package directory (defaults to the current working directory) |
| `registry`  | no       | The registry url (defaults to https://registry.wapm.io/)      |

## Output

There is no output from this action
